Book: Blue Ocean notes
What is the context in which your product or service is used? What happens before, during, and after? Can you identify the pain points? How can you eliminate these pain points through a complementary product or service offering?
company should never outsource its eyes. There is simply no substitute for seeing for yourself.
JCDecaux figured that as long as the revenue generated from selling ad space exceeded the costs of providing and maintaining the furniture at an attractive profit margin, the company would be on a trajectory of strong, profitable growth. Accordingly, street furniture was created that would integrate advertising panels
Book: the joy of x, math
Parabolas and ellipses: Why is it that they, and only they, have such fantastic powers of focusing? What’s the secret they share? They’re both cross-sections of the surface of a cone. A cone? If you feel like that just came out of nowhere, that’s precisely the point. The cone’s role in all this has been hidden so far. [...] So that’s the secret: a parabola is an ellipse in disguise, in a certain limiting sense. No wonder it shares the ellipse’s marvelous focusing ability. It’s been passed down through the bloodline. In fact, circles, ellipses, and parabolas are all members of a larger, tight-knit family. They’re collectively known as conic sections—curves obtained by cutting the surface of a cone with a plane
This side of arithmetic is important, practical, and—for many people—joyless. The playful side of arithmetic is a lot less familiar, unless you were trained in the ways of advanced mathematics. Yet there’s nothing inherently advanced about it. It’s as natural as a child’s curiosity.
The results for the 96-gons enabled him to prove that In decimal notation (which Archimedes didn’t have), this means pi is between 3.1408 and 3.1429. This approach is known as the method of exhaustion because of the way it traps the unknown number pi between two known numbers that squeeze it from either side. The bounds tighten with each doubling, thus exhausting the wiggle room for pi.
Calculus is the mathematics of change
what distinguishes calculus from the earlier parts of math is its willingness to confront—and harness—the awesome power of infinity.
